# Change Log

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file
automatically by Versionist. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE MANUALLY!
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## v0.3.0 - 2018-05-18

* Switch to using a precedence climbing method for handling precedence, it offers much better performance and also makes the precedence ordering clearer. #16 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.15 - 2018-05-18

* Remove redundant section from `FilterNegateExpression` which is already covered by `FilterByValue` -> `GroupedPrecedenceExpression` #17 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.14 - 2018-05-18

* Use the compiled odata-parser for tests rather than compiling on the fly. #18 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.13 - 2018-05-17

* Optimise `Boolean` #19 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.12 - 2018-05-17

* Optimise `QueryOption`/`ExpandPathOption` #20 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.11 - 2018-05-14

* Optimise `ResourceName` further. #15 [Pagan Gazzard]
* Optimise `FilterByValue` by checking the more common options first where possible. #15 [Pagan Gazzard]
* Optimise `ExpandPathOption` and `QueryOption` by checking the more common options first. #15 [Pagan Gazzard]
* Optimise `spaces` #15 [Pagan Gazzard]
* Optimise `ResourceName`. #15 [Pagan Gazzard]
* Optimise `ODataParser.space` #15 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.10 - 2018-05-10

* Update dependencies #14 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.9 - 2018-05-09

* Inline `Apostrophe` into `ReservedUriComponent`. #13 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.8 - 2018-05-03

* Optimise the `FilterMethodCallExpr`. #12 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.7 - 2018-05-03

* Optimise the custom `space` rule. It is a very hot rule and gains significant benefits from this. #11 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.6 - 2018-04-30

* Add node 10 to the circleci tests #10 [Pagan Gazzard]
* Move circle.yml to .circleci/config.yml #10 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.5 - 2018-03-06

* Refactor `ReservedUriComponent` to improve performance of the generated code #9 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.4 - 2018-01-27

* Fix parsing of reserved options if the $ is quoted #8 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.3 - 2017-12-04

* Set up circleci auto-publishing #7 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v0.2.2 - 2017-09-25

* Added versionist #6 [Giovanni Garufi]

## v0.2.1

* Added `ExternalKeyBind`
* Added batch support

## v0.2.0

* Return the odata tree and bindings separately, so that is is possible to easily reuse trees even when bindings change.

## v0.1.10

* Added the ability to process only a given rule, making sure the rule is successful.

## v0.1.9

* Added support for /$count
* Added support for ?$count=(true|false)

## v0.1.8

* Fixed duration literals to follow the OData spec.
* Added support for negative numbers.

## v0.1.7

* Added support for duration literals.

## v0.1.6

* Added all OData 4 functions.
* Added a boolean property filter test.

## v0.1.5

* Allowed a lambda alias to be any valid resource name and to be only a valid resource name, rather than any single character.

## v0.1.4

* Updated ometa-js
* Added tests for grandchild lambdas.
* Allow `test.only`/`test.skip` to work with expand tests.
* Fix nested expand tests not actually testing nested expands.

## v0.1.3

* Added support for brackets (and a bunch of other chars), as well as '', in quoted text.

## v0.1.2

* Switched to being a scoped package.

## v0.1.1

* Added support for options in a $expand (eg `/a?$expand=b($filter=c eq 'd')`)
